New format of documentation (#369)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_controller/README.md

# panther_controller

The package contains the default configuration and launch files necessary to start all the basic functionalities of the Husarion Panther robot.

## Launch Files

- `controller.launch.py`: Establishes communication with the hardware by loading the robot's URDF with plugins and configures the controllers to exchange information between the engine driver and the IMU.

> ## Configuration Files

Reviewer: In some readme files (like here) `Configuration Files` are section (##) but in others subsection of the `Launch Files` section (###). Please standardize it across packages.

# panther_controller

The package contains the default configuration and launch files necessary to start all the basic functionalities of the Husarion Panther robot.

## Launch Files

- `controller.launch.py` - establishes communication with the hardware by loading the robot's URDF with plugins and configures the controllers to exchange information between the engine driver and the IMU.

## Configuration Files

- [`WH01_controller.yaml`](./config/WH01_controller.yaml) - configures `imu_broadcaster`, `joint_state_broadcaster` and `drive_controller`  controllers for WH01 wheels.
- [`WH02_controller.yaml`](./config/WH02_controller.yaml) - configures `imu_broadcaster`, `joint_state_broadcaster` and `drive_controller`  controllers for mecanum WH02 wheels.

> - [`WH04_controller.yaml`](./config/WH04_controller.yaml) - configures `imu_broadcaster`, `joint_state_broadcaster` and `drive_controller`  controllers for custom WH04 wheels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`WH04_controller.yaml`](./config/WH04_controller.yaml) - configures `imu_broadcaster`, `joint_state_broadcaster` and `drive_controller`  controllers for small pneumatic WH04 wheels.
```
This isn't custom. It's kept for back compatibility for small pneumatic wheels that are no longer sold.

> ## ROS Nodes

Reviewer 2: Again ROS Nodes refer to nodes implemented in package, this are external nodes used in this package.

| `joint_state_broadcaster` | Reads all state interfaces and reports them on specific topics. <br/> *[joint_state_broadcaster/joint_state_broadcaster](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_controllers/tree/master/joint_state_broadcaster)*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `robot_state_publisher`   | Broadcasts a robot's state to tf2 using a provided URDF model and joint states. It updates the model and broadcasts poses for fixed and movable joints to tf2 topics. <br/> *[robot_state_publisher/robot_state_publisher](https://github.com/ros/robot_state_publisher)*                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: This is repeated information from bringup package. This means we have to maintain this in 2 places. We should think about that.

Author: I agree, I was thinking about moving it to the main ROS_API.md, but there are very big differences between the description of the nodes on the real robot and in the simulation. The question is, can you see anything better?

Reviewer 2: Right now this info is in panther_bringup, panther_gazebo and in each package. I would remove this table from individual packages.
Can you elaborate on those differences between simulation and hardware and why it can't be moved to ROS_API?

Author: It can be moved, I just looking for something better, or aproval moving this to ROS_API.md
